Mod enable/disable - Space or  Double-Click anywhere on the mod line - changes saved
Delete from Plugins.txt - Del - Does not delete the mod files from the Data folder

Mod move order keys:
Select a mod by clicking once on it then:
Move Up - W
Move Down -S
Move Top - A
Move Bottom -D
Alternatively, drag and drop with mouse

Run game - R
Save Plugins - Ctrl-S
Open Profile - Ctrl-O

Ctrl-F - Search for mod by name or description

Install mods by dragging and dropping the zip file onto the mod list. Multiple files can be selected.

Right-click on the mod list for context menu

Context menu functions:
Install mod from zip file.

Archive mod - Zips up the files for a mod and copies them to a specified folder. The mod can be uninstalled at this point and re-installed later from the folder chosen.

Un-install (delete) mod

Block mods to prevent activation. This helps with Creations mods that always download even if you've unsubscribed from them.

Add/Remove function checks game folder for installed mods and adds them to plugins.txt or removes deleted mods from Plugins.txt

Enable or disable mod in other profiles. Enables or disables the selected mod in one or more other profiles. Doesn't delete the mod from the profile.

View web site page for Creations mods or non-Creations mods if LOOT is installed, configured in the app and link metadata is available.

Loot Autosort: Run LOOT with autosort parameter if installed. Turn on the Group column in View->Columns->Group to see the LOOT groups.
Press the Refresh button to see the changes.

Refresh - F5 - discards unsaved changes. Use this function to update the display if necessary.

Search (Ctrl-F) or click in the search box, type text to search for (mod filename or description if available) and press enter. Press enter again to find the next match.
Press Escape to clear the search box contents
Search is case insensitive and any part of the filename or description can be searched for.

View Menu
Columns: Some columns can be hidden or shown. Certain columns require a press of the Refresh button to update the display
Theme: Light, dark mode or System=Windows setting
Log File: Open the log file.
Resize: Attempt to resize the app to fit selected columns.

File Menu
Edit Files->StarfieldCustomINI Editor - Some tweak options for the game.
Warning, using this function will overwrite your StarfieldCustom.ini file
Disable Tools->Auto Reset if enabled for the settings to persist
Convert Loose Files Mod - Converts a mod with loose files to an archive mod.

Tools Menu
Set up paths for the game folder and various other tools - Steam and MS Store version of the game supported.
Load screen - just a gimmick meant for the Steam version of the game to show you that something is happening if you launch the game from this app. MS Store game has its own loading screen.
The app will quit 7 seconds after launching the game for the Steam version.
Content Catalog Check - Launches the ContentCatalog.txt checker. This runs automatically at startup but won't display anything unless an issue is found.
Warning: The Enable All Settings function will turn on settings that will reverse the INI file changes made by Vortex, so use with caution. It will also overwrite any settings in StarfieldCustom.ini and deletes Starfield.CCC file if found. A warning will be displayed before any action is taken in case you accidently click this option.
The tool will not modify the INI files in the game folder, only the ones found in your Documents\My Games\Starfield folder.
Tools->Logging - Enable or disable log or delete log